refactor!: use whiskers, add accents & support latest versions (#36)
catppuccin/vendetta: README.md

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>

> 	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/pyoncord/Bunny">Bunny</a> & <a href="https://github.com/enmity-mod/enmity">Enmity</a>

Reviewer: I think we should still mention Vendetta in this list.

Reviewer: The name of the repository will still be `vendetta` so I'd personally prefer if you could include it within this list. We can mention that Vendetta is EOL later on in the README

</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/riivx/vendetta/main/assets/preview.webp"/>
  <img src="assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/riivx/vendetta/main/assets/latte.webp"/>
<img src="assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/riivx/vendetta/main/assets/frappe.webp"/>
<img src="assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/riivx/vendetta/main/assets/macchiato.webp"/>
<img src="assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/riivx/vendetta//main/assets/mocha.webp"/>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary> 
<img src="assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

>[!WARNING]
>Vendetta was **discontinued** on February 7. 2024. Use [Bunny](https://github.com/pyoncord/Bunny) instead. It supports Vendetta themes

> 

Reviewer: I think we should keep this text but reword it to explain the point of this repository, and under `[!IMPORTANT]` instead.

## Themes+
Themes+ is required to theme some hardcoded elements (applied when themes+ is loaded) as well as iconpacks.
- #### Iconpacks
1. Copy `https://bunny.nexpid.xyz/themes-plus`
2. Head to `Settings` > `Bunny` > `Plugins`
3. Paste the copied link and press `Install`
4. Go back to `Bunny` > `Plugins` > `themes+ settings`
5. Click `Configuration` > `Mode` > `Manual` > Choose icon pack
6. Hit reload
> [!IMPORTANT]
> If the icon pack doesn't apply after discord loads, then switch to a different server and back.
>
> If you are using Enmity, install [VendettaCommpat](https://discord.com/channels/950850315601711176/1019645460589318165/1211473409154744350) plugin first. After doing so, follow this [guide](https://discord.com/channels/950850315601711176/1239393517151846412) as it loads Vendetta by default which is broken past Discord version 223

## Fonts
### Bunny
1. Head to `Settings` > `Bunny` > `Fonts` > `add button` > Extract font from theme
2. Click `Extract` > `Import` Then select `Meloso`

### Enmity

>  Head over to [Rosie's repo](https://github.com/acquitelol/rosiecord?tab=readme-ov-file#how-to-install) and follow the steps provided. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Head over to [acquitelol/rosecord](https://github.com/acquitelol/rosiecord?tab=readme-ov-file#how-to-install) and follow the steps provided. 
```

2. Head to `Settings` > `Bunny` or `Enmity` > `Themes`
3. Paste the copied link and press `Install`
4. Select your theme and you're ready to go!

> [!NOTE]
> Light mode can be used **only with Latte theme**.

## Themes+
Themes+ is required to theme some hardcoded elements (applied when themes+ is loaded) as well as iconpacks.
#### Iconpacks
1. Copy `https://bunny.nexpid.xyz/themes-plus`
2. Head to `Settings` > `Bunny` > `Plugins`
3. Paste the copied link and press `Install`
4. Go back to `Bunny` > `Plugins` > `themes+ settings`
5. Click `Configuration` > `Mode` > `Manual` > Choose icon pack
6. Hit reload
> [!IMPORTANT]
> If the icon pack doesn't apply after discord loads, then switch to a different server and back.
>
> If you are using Enmity, install [VendettaCommpat](https://discord.com/channels/950850315601711176/1019645460589318165/1211473409154744350) plugin first. After doing so, follow this [guide](https://discord.com/channels/950850315601711176/1239393517151846412) as it loads Vendetta by default which is broken past Discord version 223

## Fonts
### Bunny
1. Head to `Settings` > `Bunny` > `Fonts` > `add button`
2. Follow shown options
> [!NOTE]

> > The font pack shown in the screenshots is [Flow Circular](https://gist.githubusercontent.com/Covkie/d4124cfc4df15e7790167ac88e820e0d/raw/02f0c7124f233ee236f0682d464c7cb22c2ea6e9/FlowCircular-font-snippet.json)

Reviewer 2: preview of the theme has no text at all, so we should probably move this somewhere

Reviewer 2: my bad, then we're keeping it (don't know who will use that, but still)

</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/preview.webp" height="700px"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> This is the home for the shared theme format that [†
> Vendetta](https://github.com/vendetta-mod/Vendetta),
> [Enmity](https://github.com/enmity-mod/enmity) &
> [Bunny](https://github.com/pyoncord/Bunny) use.
> Vendetta is no longer included in the instructions below, as it has reached
> "End of Life."

1. Choose a flavor, and copy its link below:
   - **Latte**: <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/vendetta/main/latte.json>
   - **Frappe**: <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/vendetta/main/frappe.json>
   - **Macchiato**: <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/vendetta/main/macchiato.json>

>    - **Mocha**: <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/vendetta/main/mocha.json>

Reviewer: I think this step should be changed to the following:

```md
1. Choose a flavor + accent combination from the [themes](./themes) directory and copy the URL in the following format: `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/vendetta/main/themes/<flavor>/<accent>.json`
	
	For example, if you'd like to use the `mocha` flavor with the `mauve` accent, copy the following link:

	```
	<https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/vendetta/main/themes/mocha/mauve.json>
	```
```

Doesn't have to be exactly that ^ but something similar and equivalent to where we showcase the format and give one example.

Reviewer 2: > Doesn't have to be exactly that ^ but something similar and equivalent to where we showcase the format and give one example.

imo it should be exactly that
